To create a new offer on the offers page in the toolbar, we need
an icon
or a button that actually let's us go to that new page.
It actually is quite trivial,
we can add another ion buttons group because any button you add to your toolbar should always be in
such an ion buttons group
and here the slot will be primary and you can of course find out which slots exist in the official docs,
primary typically is at the end of the toolbar. In there,
I'll now add my ion button and in that ion button, I'll add my ion icon with a name of add
and that will render a nice plus. I'll give that icon a slot of icon only, so that inside of this
button,
it's positioned perfectly to be the only icon in there. Now on the button, we want to go to our new page
and if we have a quick look at the places-routing again, that would be under places tabs offers/
new, this page here. So back in the offers page,
we of course can simply add a router link now with a hardcoded value of places tabs offers new and
that should already be all.
If this page now reloads, we can press the plus button and here we are on the new offer
page. Now on that new offer page, I'll adjust the title, new offer and to also have a back button, we can add
ion buttons slot start and then the ion back button with a default ref of places tabs offers and
now as this page reloads, we should see the new title, we see the back button and we can go back and forth
here now.
So this is now working as it should,
how can we go to that edit page then?
Well right now we have no direct way, later
I'll add a way for us to slide these items so that we can then expose an edit button. For now
we haven't learned how to slide these items yet, let's simply make sure that we can't go to the edit place
from the offer detail page here.
So on the offer bookings page is how we called it, there
we can add another button with some margin and maybe a color of primary, of course you can also use other
colors like secondary, tertiary, danger, warning, whatever you want.
Color primary for me it is, I'll say add it here and I will simply add a router link and that will now be
a bit tricky because that router link needs to be bound dynamically because I need that ID of the
place I want to edit, right, in places-routing, I do pass that ID here as a dynamic segment and on
the offered bookings page, we of course have that ID but currently I'm not extracting it.
So let's extract it now so that we can then forward it to the edit offer page.